1. 
Product Owner
a. What is the vision/ roadmap of the product?
b. What are the client/ business objectives?
c. Looking at the team's backlog, where does the new feature fall in terms of priorities?
d. Have the user stories been created and estimated?
e. Looking at the time frames and the resources of the team, how is the capacity of the team? will the team be able to start working on the new feature?
f. What is the acceptance criteria of the new feature?

UI Designer
a. Has the product research been done and customer needs understood?
b. what are the expected timelines for the creation of personas and information architecture?
c. what are the expected timelines for the completion of the flow design and wireframing?
d. when will the prototype of the feature be available?
e. When is the testing team expected to start with the testing?


Technical Architect
a. What are system requirements for the new feature?
b. Does the new feature change the current architecture diagram?
c. Is there any change required on the current technologies being used?
d. Are there any risks that the new feature may bring?
e. When is the estimated completion time of the architectural diagram?
f. How frequent are code reviews going to be done?
g. What are the expected quality standards and procedures?


2. 
Adding users :
		Firstly, I would make the user to check if there are any available licences before they can be allowed to add users.
		If there are any licence available, the users will be allowed to reserve them for a certain period of time to prevent 2 users using the same licence.
		Then a new user can be added if the above conditions are met.
Edit user details:
		Users can be given a feature of displaying all the users that belong to them or an option of searching them by their name.
		When the user has been found and selected, the admin can edit the details that they want to edit.
		Once the editing has been done, admin user is given a chance to review changes before they can be made.
		Admin can also be given permission to edit details of other admins but with approval from the owner of the users before the changes can be saved.
Removing users:
		Users can also be given feature of displaying all the users that belong to them or an option of searching them by their name.
		then once the user has been found and selected, they can perform the deletion of the user.
